hey guys this is on James from Team MB
um just got my new wheels and tires in
all my 2013 can um Outlander 500 XT um
as you can see I got the high lifter
badly location kit on it the snow gear
ATV snorkel kit ext package I got plow
on it good hangar on those um a lot of
things as you can see I got brand new 28
inch ITP mega Mayhem's um they have an
inch and a half lugs on a pretty nice 6
ply on the Front's I'm running 29 on me
twenty eight five nine five one teens
down the rear I'm running out of 28 511
by platoons um dudes named data inch one
of the planets this ties are really nice
sidewalls are really really sturdy and
touch them they feel really strong we do
pretty good in the model the uploading a
video the ball pit and recently got
stuck in with the stock tire so I was
interested in pretty fun one thing I got
to say about them if you think of buying
a mud tire you feel like you're going to
slow down a lot you lose a lot of power
and the trail riding system VP is good I
put these off tires on the other day
when I say I wrote about two hours on on
one hour in the mud one hour on trails
I could still Willy I had top speed
about 63 miles per hour and on the
trails it felt pretty good didn't feel a
lot different it just felt a little more
heavy steering a little more slower
reaction time it feels a little bit
heavier more lazier you know I'm driving
to feel more of a tank than a little
sports blog if you feel like you're
riding an X Mr said it already but the
rights still pretty good as you can see
a 575 miles on it
think about a sound of stock tires for
nothing under by there Yachats Capades
please as you see it could rooster
thanks for watching like comment and
subscribe as always thank you